Now that we've been able to copy all the source code,
let's make sure that the app is actually able to be set up properly.
So let's go ahead and look at this Dockerfile.
Now, one of the most important parts of the app being able to run effectively,
is knowing which port is actually going to be exposed from the container.
So in this case, because we want this to run on port 80,
I'm going to need to make sure that I actually run this,
expose the correct port externally so that my application can run.
Really there's these two ports to think about.
There's the port that the application itself would run
and then there's the port that's exposed to me on my host.
So this is actually exposing the host port, which is port 80.